gh-127434: Fix iOS `xcrun --sdk` clang/ar scripts to allow arguments with spaces (#127575)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2024-12-04-09-52-08.gh-issue-127434.RjkGT_.rst

> Fix clang/ar scripts in `iOS/Resources/bin` directory to allow arguments
> with spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The iOS compiler shims can now accept arguments with spaces.
```
